# Ecommerce-Electronic-Website 

**Context:** In recent years, the wave of the digital era of the 4.0 technology era has really come to Vietnam massively and this has brought opportunities and achievements to Vietnam. Faced with these regulatory difficulties, the retail industry in general as well as businesses in trading services in particular must find their own path. Catching the trend, many businesses choose to do business online, in which trading through ecommerce sites always achieves a prominent market share. Trading in this form has many benefits over the traditional form of trading, such as: the customer's purchasing process becomes more convenient when customers do not need to quickly go to the store or buy groceries. more operational tools that can operate 24/7, developing business strategies and promotional programs becomes more effective, when customers have questions, they can be resolved quickly, the choice Product selection in terms of design, color, size,... has also become more diverse, etc. To visually illustrate the large piece of cake in this economic market, the topic of the thesis will build a page E-commerce uses electronic equipment as the main product to illustrate as a typical example 

**Objective:** The project will build and develop an e-commerce site selling electronic devices called B&B. Through the website, customers can continue the purchasing process easily with a series of simple and eye-catching operations that the website offers. Besides, integrating ChatBot so that customers can receive thoughtful and quick care from the store side. 

**Method:** Website uses VueJS technology to implement the interface side as well as handle logic on the frontend side. On the backend side, Spring Boot technology will be used to develop APIs and connect to the MySQL database through Spring Data JPA. In addition, the ChatBot section will use FChat platform technologies to handle customer inquiries automatically and manually. Using the above technologies helps developers program quickly, without needing to be too picky in configuration but just focusing on professional skills. 

**Results:** Successfully built a website selling electronic devices for all 4 user groups including: customers, administrators, managers and employees. User groups will be clearly and distinctly assigned according to professional expertise. The customer's shopping process also becomes interesting and convenient.


